[Music]
I agree and all of
this time doesn't have one case report
of one disease validated not one what
they do is they meet at the American
Psychiatric Association they meet in the
DSM committee diagnostic Statistical
Manual committee and they vote on making
new behavioral and emotional disorders
and they vote and then they start
immediately calling them diseases and
they tell people they tell the public
these are disease total fraud total
fraud the actual truth about chemical
balance is that it's an actual lie
nobody has yet measured demonstrated or
created a test to show that somebody has
a chemical imbalance in their brief
period what the American public should
be thinking about is when they or their
loved ones or their friends have
received a psychiatric diagnosis they
should be asking the dog cheese doc
where's the where's the chemical test
for that where is the objective test for
this and I guarantee you that they'll be
told we don't have a chemical test for
that
there are no biological tests for any
mental illnesses that I'm aware of there
are not current available tests to
verify your diagnosis there is no test
there is no specific test to
differentiate between let's say
schizophrenia and bipolar disorder not a
simple test yeah we have no not really
confirm a confirmatory test for the
diagnosis there is no test there's no
biopsy you can do that says this person
is depressed this person is bipolar we
don't have anything really currently to
identify a mental illness per se no
there are no specific tests to confirm
the diagnosis or show the improvement
like any blood tests or any x-rays or
anything like that
Oh in my practice I don't do any tests I
just speak with people and listen to
them and then I make a decision in what
kind of illness should be here we don't
have we don't really have any specific
blood tests or other tests that are
definitive for any mental illness
whatsoever what kind of biological tests
do we have available today for detecting
none there is no rational science behind
what they think is the cause of these
symptoms the medications that are being
given to people are without exception
introducing chemicals that are altering
the brain in ways which can be very
damaging and I'll go a step further and
say that in the absence of a proven
chemical imbalance for which the
medications are quote rebalancing or
fixing the medications are in fact toxic
how many patients have you been able to
cure
I would say one how many people have I
cured well there are no real cures right
now in psychiatry idea Vani
you asked me about the issue about how
many people I have cured I don't know
that any of us are ever completely cured
of anything I have not been able to cure
many patients I have cured none of my
patients
you
so you asked to ask the classic Roman
Christian legal question cui bono who
benefits the people who makes a
diagnosis
you